Release 1.4.5: update changelog wording (#159)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-rssi: Changelog.md

-   Blocking dialog when disconnecting a device when the Programming dialog is
    open.

> -   No longer auto reselect to the least disconnected device if is in the device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   No longer auto reselect to the last disconnected device if it is in the device
```

> -   No longer auto reselect to the least disconnected device if is in the device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   No longer auto reselect to the last disconnected device if it is in the device
```

Author: Thanks, I did not go through previous versions changelog a lot :)

> -   No longer auto reselect to the last disconnected device if it is in the device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   No longer autoreconnect to the last disconnected device if it is in the device
```
Sorry I didn't really see this in my last comment

> -   No longer auto reselect to the last disconnected device if it is in the device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   No longer auto-reconnects to the last disconnected device if it is in the device
```
